New Archipelago Glossary Doc + other updates (#214)
esmero/archipelago-documentation: docs/archipelago-glossary.md

A Display Mode is a configureable page layout, using Formatters and other options, for the general display of an ADO in Archipelago. You can define Display Modes for different `types` of Digital Objects and Collections. 

Display Mode and View Mode can be used interchangeably.

Related documentation: [Primer on Display Modes](webformsasinput.md). 

### Find and Replace

Archipelago's Advanced Batch Find and Replace functionality provides different ways for you to efficiently Find/Search and Replace metadata values found in the raw JSON of your Digital Objects and Collections.

Related documentation: [Advanced Batch Find and Replace](find_and_replace.md)

### Formatters / Strawberryfield Formatters

See 'Strawberryfield Formatters' below.

### Fragaria Redirects

Archipelago's Fragaria Redirect Module is a special module that provides dynamic redirect routes matched against existing Search API field values.

Related documentation: [Fragaria Redirects Module](fragaria.md). 

### `ismemberof` (JSON key)

This key, in default Archipelago configurations, is used for Collection Membership.

This key can contain multiple values if appropriate for your repository's Collections structure.

> For ingested ADOs, this key will contain 'node id' integers for corresponding Collection(s).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For ingested ADOs, this key will contain 'Drupal Node id' integers for corresponding Collection(s).
```

In AMI sets, this key can contain integers to connect to an object's corresponding row in the same spreadsheet/CSV, or a UUID for an already ingested Collection object.

This key should never contain string values for Collection labels/titles.

See also `ap:entitymapping` key above.

### `ispartof` (JSON key)

This key, in default Archipelago configurations, is used for Parent-Child Object Relationships (so a Child ADO would reference the Parent ADO in `ispartof`).

This key should contain single values only, due to the nature of the Parent-Child Object Relationship.

> For ingested ADOs, this key will contain 'node id' integers for a corresponding Parent Object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For ingested ADOs, this key will contain 'Drupal Node id' integers for a corresponding Parent Object.
```
